{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f49\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f52\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f53\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f54\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info
{\title ActiveState Community License}{\author David Sparks}{\operator David Sparks}{\creatim\yr2000\mo10\dy30\hr12\min15}{\revtim\yr2000\mo10\dy30\hr12\min31}{\version3}{\edmins8}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords338}{\nofchars1930}{\*\company ActiveState}
{\nofcharsws2370}{\vern8269}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\f2\fs20 
ActiveState Community License}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par Preamble:}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par The intent of this document is to state the conditions under which the Package may be copied and distributed, such that ActiveState maintains control over the development and distribution of the 
Package, while allowing the users of the Package to use the Package in a variety of ways.  The Package may contain software covered by the Artistic License.  The ActiveState Community License complies 
with Clause 5 of the Artistic License and does not limit your rights to software covered by the Artistic License.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par Authorized electronic distributors of the Package are:}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par   * Any ActiveState.com site
\par   * Any complete, public CPAN mirror listed at www.perl.com
\par 
\par For more information on CPAN }{\f2\fs20 please see http://www.perl.com
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par Definitions:}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par "ActiveState" refers to ActiveState Corporation, the Copyright Holder of the Package.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par "Package" refers to those files, including, but not limited to, source code, binary executables, images, and scripts, which are distributed by the Copyright Holder.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par "You" is you, if you are thinking about copying or distributing this Package.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par 1. You may use this Package for commercial or non-commercial purposes without charge.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par 2. You may make and give away verbatim copies of this Package for personal use, or for use within your organization, provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated 
disclaimers.  You may not distribute copies of this Package, or copies of packages derived from this Package, to others outside your organization without specific prior written permission from 
ActiveState (although you are encouraged to direct them to sources from which they may obtain it for themselves).}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par 3. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes, and other modifications derived from ActiveState.  A Package modified in such a way shall still be covered by the terms of this license.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par 4. ActiveState's name and trademarks may not be used to endorse or promote packages derived from this Package without specific prior written permission from ActiveState.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par 5. THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\par 
\par ActiveState Community License Copyright  \'a9 2001 ActiveState Corporation
\par All rights reserved.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }}